---
layout: post
title: "#Dykesplained: Intel"
exerpt: "This week on #Dykesplained, we find a less childish word for something."
categories: scripts
tags: []
share: true
video:
  feature: https://www.youtube.com/embed/OEw8fdbc4g8
---

### Script

It's a strange world in which we live, here in the current year; is it not? It
is as easy to get pizza delivered to your home, from your mobile in the car
while driving home from the theatre, as it is to get SWAT teams to someone
else's house from the safety of your parent's basement while grinding your teeth
over what someone said on the internet.

Bonne heure-locale, mesdames et messieurs; it's time for something to get
properly Dykesplained.

None of this is new though; certainly one could have used their car-phone or
briefcase-phone to acquire the pizza in the '80s, as easily as a person familiar
with the dial-in server numbers for the FBI or 911 could direct police forces to
your door in that same time. And as you continue backwards through that century,
you will find, time and again, places where anonymity was desired to be unmasked
for the sociopolitical value it provided. Kids these days call them "doxx", as
a misspelled abbreviation of "documentation", but any professional knows these
kinds of data by a name far more clear -- Intel.

A name can be linked with an address, given a city; a phone number can be linked
with an internet service provider, an address can be linked to a vehicle, and an
internet service provider can be compromised. The person with just the name and
city, to start, and nothing more than the calm demeanor of a social engineer
when on the phone, is then in a position to obtain copies of your birth
certificate, social security card, and cancel your current credit cards to open
up their own. This is, unfortunately, merely the simplest that can be done by
anyone connected to the internet willing to put forth an afternoon of research
into the subject, or by reading any of the books published by former hackers.

This might seem like old news, but it is important to recognize the details of
how these things happen, and who it is that does such things -- in this brave
new world, we find such people that think they are justified in releasing the
name, address, family member's names, and family member's addresses to the
public internet, in ways that will garner the attention of the morally-decrepit,
who will put that information to the worst of uses, uses that make my previous
example look remarkably simple and remarkably kind in comparison.

Imagine having a person perceive you as a neo-nazi or anti-semite, with enough
hatred in their hearts and time on their hands to go digging into your past, by
cross-referencing nicknames and avatars you've used in different places at
different times to build catalogues of possible forum posts and the like, as
well as searching for you by pseudonym on the onion-routed and DHT networks of
the Dark Net, as the news has so boringly dubbed it, for information others have
gathered about you. They don't have to have any experience as a network or
social engineer; they could be a first-year college student, or younger, who
knows just enough to be dangerous and believes wholeheartedly you're a Nazi.

The data that links your real life to any pseudonymous lives you may present on
the internet may seem remarkably mundane, before it comes to be used against you
in an attempted dropping of doxx; very old forum posts, twitter and facebook
posts, things only found on archive.is and archive.org from the history of the
internet, and breadcrumbs such as work history, educational history, old e-mail
addresses, even possibly friends or family mentioning you or your work on their
own social network outlets.

This is all intel, or intelligence data relating to a specific individual. It
only takes two pieces of intel about a person to terrify them to their cores,
should they have reason to protect their identity with anonymity or pseudonymity
of any sort. But protecting one's own intel can be much more difficult --
fortunate for you, though, Aunt Sevvie's here to get you started on the right
path.

There are a few URLs you're going to want to commit to memory: tineye.com,
pastebin.ca, and archive.org. The first step in securing your identity is
performing an intelligence audit of yourself, by searching with Google, Google
Images, TinEye, PasteBin, and Archive.org for any avatars you've used, any
nicknames you've used, your real name, your address, your real name with your
city of residence, and your real name as well as the name of your spouse, your
mother, your mother with her maiden name, your father, and any other person that
could be used as a vector to obtain your information via compromisation or
blackmail. Once you know for yourself where all your public information is
located, it is time to start removing or altering that data as to prevent it
from being associated with the current you. If you cannot remember your password
or some other interference prevents you from taking the content down yourself,
send an e-mail to the administrator of the site, explaining the specific page,
post, or account profile you need removed as a part of protecting your
identity; and do keep social engineering in mind when you do this, because
the admin is likely to be very helpful toward you, to help you in a tough
situation. That same kindness they might show toward you, they might show
toward others with regards to your information as well.

This can take days to accomplish deeply; but with each piece of data you remove
from an internetty connection to you, every URL you tick off your list is a
tiny bit of calm, knowing that you were the last person to see it before it
was forgotten by the internet that never forgets. But once you've taken the time
to know all the vulnerable data about you that was out there, you will have a
great idea of what not to use when taking the third step: pick up a burner phone
and make a burner e-mail address. Use that e-mail and phone for two-factor
authentication for all the services associated with your internet pseudentity;
this may seem like overkill, but two-factor authentication on a phone not
associated with your credit card, real name, or private phone number, will serve
as a notification tool if someone does attempt to directly gain access to those
accounts -- and also leave them without intel of use.

Get ahold of me if you want more information; the people using these cowardly
techniques of fear and blackmail are nothing to be feared -- they are, if
anything, individuals to mock for their inability to solve their own problems
through communication. I've said it before and I'll say it again: fucking
pussies, the lot of 'em.
