---
layout: post
title: #Dykesplained: Racism
categories: scripts
tags: []
share: true
video:
  feature: https://www.youtube.com/embed/RH8Z5nVrwpw
---

... Bring on the hate.

Bonne heure-locale, mesdames et messieurs; as the title so blatantly impresses,
in this video I will be dykesplaining “racism”. But how does one encapsulate
racism, in order to analyse it? Can it even be analysed, if results will be
shot down, not for the merit of my thesis, but rather the colour of my skin?

I think, perhaps, it is worth looking at things from a different perspective,
as recreating the victimhood of one’s forefathers’ forefathers’ forefathers
will do nothing but further erode the African American common subculture in the
United States, accomplishing nothing but vigorous masturbation of a very
well-endowed equine corpse with only saliva and palm-sweat as lubrication.

Cultures are inherently inclusive and xenophobic, as individuals often base
their understanding of stability in life by the stability and longevity of
their culture and values; with values, interests, and upbringing in patterns
consistent with one’s own parents, as well as the parents of one’s peers,
defining an individuals perception and interpretation of reality much in the
way worker bees take to their place in the construction, maintenance, and
pollen collection for the hive – if we had multiple queen bees who advertised
with horrible blatancy on everything from their own products and the bags in
which those products are carried home to the suits and wings of high-speed
racing bees.

When England outlawed the slave trade in the 17th century AD, specific Irish
and African subcultures had already begun culturally adapting to country to
which they migrated, having had both free and enslaved families for many
generations in Southern England. However, at the time, the nation was not in
the best state economically, and abandoning the slave trade to focus government
investment in other places was a sound strategy. The United States did not find
itself subject to the English ruling and as such found a large economic opening
on which they could build a nation regardless of its greater ruling bodies, and
the slaves captured by Americans on the Barbary and Ivory Coasts, or purchased
from slave-trading tribesmen in the region, or even in some cases willfully
begged to be a slave, in order to escape their own homeland.

Dozens of languages and dialects and subcultures with wildly varying tribal
tendencies found themselves crammed together on a boat, arriving in a land full
of people who had literally never seen a person of skin darker than farmer’s
tan and who had no understanding of the diversity of culture even found in a
range of just 100 miles of coastline – at the time, it was thought this was a
lesser-developed human, cursed by God with darkened skin and both the
Protestant and Roman Catholic Church are deeply culpable in the indoctrination
of people with that information, as scare tactics against an invisible Sims 3
player in the sky with a very, very small imagination.

The early colonial and post-colonial States were just as diverse in culture and
dialect, however; it was the shared values of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness that brought what we call our Founding Fathers’ together to fight and
argue fiercely, vehemently; history books in this country give a rather calm
and proper presentation of our development of a Constitution and subsequent
Declaration of Independence, but it could more be equated to Thunderdome 1679,
where solid rational arguments regardless of religion (so long as it looks
Christian) are just as powerful as right hooks. Seriously, look it up. The
original States’ representatives and Senators were brutal to each other – and
it was through that physical and verbal violence that they were able to come to
the most important conclusions of the time for Libertarian and
Democratic-Republican perspectives divergent from the English Constitutional
Parliament – honestly, all our founding fathers wanted was their own
unmanageably large empire, with blackjack and hookers.

Being of such divergent philosophies, breaching deeply into the proven
Democratic election of all officials, along with the controlled violent
structure of passing a bill from the House, to the Senate, to the Oval Office.
Everyone identified by the state in which they lived, in that time; Bostonians
and New Yorkers and the rather proper Southern states, and each of them was
unique due to the bonding that took place in colonizing a new land as religious
and legal outcasts, or adventurers, or English land-holders, their children,
and their children’s children, and their children’s grandchildren grew together
with a common goal and religiously-influenced misconceptions about many, many
things. Architecture, for example; you would think someone would eventually
say, “Yes, it’s lovely Mike, but don’t you think it’s a little bit… gauche?”

And so it was with these humans who were owned, traded, and sold as slave
labour, a culture that remained rather segregated from their regional
subculture except through interactions with the land-owner’s family and friends
– it was far more likely that they held tight to their spiritual and cultural
practices and adapted only as much culture from their host state as was
necessary to avoid punishment. Unlike England, who had already had generations
with which to adapt to the idea of a semi-wealthy African individual, or even
just an African person being “Another English Person”, which I suspect is the
highest praise one English person can give to another. In the fledgeling United
States, however, it was extremely uncommon to see African and Caribbean
individuals who were not slaves, and as such the culture of the state in which
these slave-owners and associates of slave-owners was never truly exposed to
the possibility that maybe these dark-skinned humans are just like us. Besides,
to most of the families of Southern states, there was great pride in being a
slave in a very successful farm, and much in the same way it’s always good to
choose to be born when it’s most inconvenient for the potential mother, the
Emancipation Proclamation crashed two very distinct, caste-divided cultures
together in a single moment of political brilliance and social naiveté that did
not fully resolve for nearly 100 years.

Entire farming industries collapsed on that day. Families who had not saved
wisely found themselves with no workers, and only their real estate available
for liquidation, and a large percentage of the population of the Southern
States migrated to the northern states, developing new hard culture clashes
between people, both ignorant in their tacit acceptance of religious or
spiritual dogma and now invested in the protection of their culture which I
described earlier being a natural response from both groups.

Entire state economies were transformed, with the influx of low-cost laborers
entering the market, and families who had fought for their land and their idea
of a nation envisioned through their state found they were losing jobs to these
migrants, who asked for far lower wages than the Americans as, at this time, we
had become. The overturn and upheaval of the economy was absolutely amazing in
the long-term, leading to a temporary golden age at the turn of the century,
but bad blood still existed between these Whitefields and BlackCoys. Skin
colour had nothing to do with it; they held values in conflict with the values
those families idealised in their devotion to State and Country, whether it be
through witchcraft, ignorance of one another’s cultures, and plain xenophobic
defensiveness. Families moved around, new sub-cultures were formed with new
cities in the Westward Expansion, and, starting with a slow trickle, more and
more African children began growing up interacting with American children as
friends and equals. Generation after generation created understanding that no
zealot would hear, but young children would accept inherently, due to the
increasing prominence and influence of the culture in local regions.

Some people took to very ignorant and aggressive tactics, to express their
anger at jobs, homes, entire industries being destroyed by the freeing and
diaspora of African individuals, that cannot be argued. But has not everyone
found themselves so angry, so upset by that anger, that one succumbs to
ad-hominem and attack what one might find sensitive, no matter how purile or
shallow? These people were that angry, and far more; entire States found
themselves bankrupt with no high-income sustainable industries in operation,
and the people and their children suffered – educationally as well as
economically. Even unto the centennial anniversary of the Emancipation
Proclamation, the two groups maintained the development of their own
subcultures while only adapting through the interaction of children over
generations slightly more with each year – to the point that a brilliant man
actually believed that it was the colour of his skin, and not the hatred in his
heart that mirrors those he calls racists so eloquently; it was never about the
colour of your skin, or your race. It was just the natural manner in which two
distinct, even opposing cultures, adapted to each other – no different than the
current state of the Middle Eastern migrants in Europe.

No one’s a racist; you’re all merely very defensive of the comfort, stability
and security your culture provides you. You fucking cunt-beards.
