---
layout: page
title: "#Dykesplained: 'Nationalism'"
description: "..."
categories: scripts
tags: []
---

Bonne heure-locale, mesdames et messieurs.

The piece I am about to present is my most complex work to-date; it comes as
the result of all of the political and social research I have done in the last
three months, as well as my own passion to comprehend those with whom I
disagree. Globalism has been on the march, across the last thirty years or so,
and the actions and reactions of globalists to nationalist groups has become
more and more vile, with their true issues and political stances ignored for
failing the blanket moral litmus test of perceived racism or sexism – which I
will prove ironic, as pursuing these globalist interests only creates new
traditions, a traditionalism based on these newer moral litmus tests rather
than the old traditions to which the “uneducated” and “prejudiced” adhere.

If there is one piece I’ve made that deserves to be linked to liberals, in
debates on Twitter or in response to YouTube videos, or just to friends who
can’t seem to adjust their perspective to understand yours: it is this one –
this is my thesis as to why progressives are wrong to even consider the
generality of patriotism to be racist at its core; this is my thesis on
Nationalism vs. Globalism.

---

Let us take a moment to clear our minds, and disillusion ourselves of our
personal opinions regarding politics and socioeconomics, zooming out, and out
further, until all we see is the recent history of the world. When looking at
things from this distance, there can be no “good” or “bad”, no “right” or
“wrong”, as these are moral absolutes, relative to individual cultures. What
one might consider “right” another might consider entirely “wrong”, and while
we have the tools necessary to prove or disprove the reality of this moral
conflict, entire populations will continue to agree on the right-ness or
wrong-ness of the action taken, in accordance to their tradition. No matter how
much we may disagree with their tradition, it is paramount that we distance
ourselves from our opinions to better understand from whence perspectives come.

A powerful force, a stunningly simple and malleable tool was built through the
failures and re-designs of English mercantile management, though; and the
influence of this tool can empower and even transform a group of peoples,
improving the quality of life and assuring levels of security and human rights
for all within that group: capitalism. England, Western Europe, and the
burgeoning United States saw tremendous increase in invention, research,
development, and craftsmanship, as well as improvements in living conditions
most of us take for granted in our daily lives today. With trading partners
across the world, a ship and an accountant was all that was necessary to
increase the reach of your products – but capitalism of itself found itself
limited in supply. One could only produce so much, and thereby only ship so
much; and in this inherent scarcity did the value of the products get defined.
It was only when capitalism was met with industrialization that we saw nations
like the United States, Europe, Russia, Germany and France seemingly transform
overnight – the ability to produce goods faster and more efficiently
transformed the shipping industry and commodities market through the dire need
for lumber, metals and oils, to name just a few.

Industrialization comes as a two-edged sword; increased production speed and
precision will create exponential capital market growth, but this will only at
best support the richest and poorest of a nation – leaving a distinguished lack
of rapid change in middle-class wealth in comparison to their higher- and
lower-class compatriots’ experience of the change. As capitalism and
industrialization work together to transform a nation, less-educated
individuals lost access to well-paying low-skill jobs, as the market pushed the
wages of those jobs further and further down until the job was best
out-sourced. The educated elite in metropolitan centers and the
completely-uneducated bottom-class whom they manipulate see relative increases
in opulence and comfort, whilst communities and parochial localities watch
their wages stagnate and decline, fostering resentment and even animosity
toward the upper-class.

And so it was for every nation which adopted industrialized capitalism,
relative to their culture and traditions. The effect is so very powerful, that
in the 1980’s a project was started called the World Values Survey, which
basically collects survey data from dozens of countries regarding their values
and beliefs. These surveys are then analysed and quantified on many different
axises, which are then regressed and scaled multi-dimensionally down to a
two-dimensional map of our entire world’s collection of associated beliefs and
groups, relative to two axises: Traditionalism vs Secular-Rationalism, and
Survivalism vs Self-Expressionism.

The authors’ interpretations of the two dimensions are as follows:

The vertical dimension runs from “traditional values” at the bottom (in which
people report a high valuation on religion, ritual, hierarchy, deference to
authorities such as God/Gods as well as parents), to “secular-rational values”
at the top (which are the opposite).

The horizontal dimension runs from “survival values” on the left (where people
emphasize economic and physical security above all else) to “self-expression
values” on the right (where people begin to value things beyond money – in
particular, they desire the freedom to chart their own course in life, and get
more out of it than financial wealth).

Remember how I told you we needed to zoom wa~ay out? Look at our species
throughout history; we began so simply with agricultural tribes, living in a
harsh and unpredictable world – the rhythm of tradition may have been
attributed to a God or Gods, and one’s duty, to harvest the crops, hunt the
local fauna, and thank the Gods for the magic of agriculture. They knew and
understood their world through survival and tight family bonds for safety,
strengthening these traditions and associations of self with the greater tribal
whole.

However, while industrialization causes increases in wealth and shifts in
values, the larger and larger tribes we came to describe as countries didn’t
move diagonally, from the poor quadrant of the Culture Map (currently occupied
by the African-Islamic region), to the rich quadrant in the upper-right.
Instead, countries first adopt secular values while still adhering to
survivalist values; and it is the nature of the two-edged sword that is
industrialization that seems to give, of all things, capitalism a bad name.
With capitalists keeping almost all surplus economic value and lower- to
middle-class consumers ever more willing to fuel that exploitative cycle, it is
easy to see where the mistakes are made:

First, they see money as the root of all evil, when it is, in fact, merely the
boatsman that carries evil around. Second, they see it as cold, emotionless, a
machine unto itself with humans and machines as its working parts – however, if
you only observe the two or three generations following the high points of
capitalist exploitation you will find the second stage of the process. With
materialism comes demand for service industries, which require and foster very
different skills and values than would a factory or agricultural job. With
wealth comes greater safety, not just because of great reductions in
starvation, disease, susceptibility to natural disaster, but with the
implementation and amendment of rights, people find themselves less controlled
by political manipulation and brutality, creating the precise conditions
Progressives and staunch Democrats would purport to be utopian – as shown by
the Scandinavian outstretch in the highest upper-right hand corner. In the
words of one of the authors of the WVS:

Fading existential pressures open people’s minds, making them prioritize
freedom over security, autonomy over authority, diversity over uniformity, and
creativity over discipline.

Values change in this pattern, scaled in accordance to the authority of
tradition and necessity for survival in the specific culture, as its people
become richer and safer. Young people demand social and environmental
responsibility from their governments and their peers, and in the interest of
gaining youth support, career politicians often find themselves too far
left-leaning for that of the average voter by picking up on these “progressive”
political demands. The generations that find themselves born in opulence and
more-than-sufficient security find themselves with greater access to education,
international travel, and with the invention of the Internet, zero-latency
communication with anyone else connected to the Internet in the world, leading
to the adoption of what the Greeks would call a “cosmopolitan” attitude, or
attitude that we are citizens of the world, rather than citizens of our
nations. These are whom historian Michael Lind would dub “Globalists”.

But as I mentioned before, the change from survivalist to self-expressionist
values are centered in the metropolitan mega-cities of the nation – the further
one is born from these epicenters of rapid growth, the less their family and
local culture will have been influenced by it, as these local cultures would
find themselves mapped closer to the top-left quadrant, or otherwise lower in
the top-right quadrant of our Cultural Values map than their compatriots living
within the mega-cities and surrounding suburban sprawl. They will benefit far
less from the economic growth in these epicenters and, with time, find
themselves with fewer jobs, lower-paid jobs, and a greater existential pressure
to survive and stabilize for the sake of self-expression. As the “citizens of
the world” and Globalists in the mega-cities erode the cultural and traditional
boundaries of our nations, demanding that we must open our borders to
immigrants in need, with cries of racism against any who would stand against
them, which happens to be those who must cling to their culture, their national
identity and the traditions passed on by their family, in order to alleviate
the existential pressures of survival and security – concerns that our
Globalists cannot comprehend from their perspective in life, having inherent
security and liberty at almost no cost to their livelihood. These
Traditionalists, or Nationalists, see the erosion of national borders and the
cultural upheaval that comes with first-generation immigrants in large waves
from a single source as a threat to that which keeps them safe and stable –
their duties and traditions. They feel a relationship, a direct connection to
their national identity and/or their traditions, one they rightly feel must be
defended for the sake of their safety and security.

At this point, I suspect there are many, many parallels you can draw in your
mind between what I’ve described and the history of nations, but I’d like to
look at one nation in particular, in hopes that we can adjust some perspectives
on one of the greatest national fears in that nation as well as many others.

This nation found itself at the intersection of many of the events and changes
we’ve been describing here, but the timing and arrangement of which created a
very accelerated situation; as immigrants and gypsies became greater in
population, the people of this nation felt like their culture was fading – with
wealth centered in factories that had not yet seen enough generations to
develop the natural human rights which inevitably would, the middle- and
lower-classes found a deep need to hold tight to their traditions and national
identity. The economy was growing too fast, and it seemed like the wealth was
held disproportionately by immigrants; it only took an eloquent orator and an
easily-manipulable central government to rouse their spirits with national
identity and even national pride – for you see, the rural populations have
always and, to this day, outnumber the urban populations, in part due to urban
populations seeing stark drops in birth rates once a nation takes its policies
too far in the Globalist direction. This orator understood that, and by merely
addressing the love the nationalists of this country  had for their country,
and the work they and their forebearers performed to create the world they
lived in, in that day, by denouncing opulence and promoting the idea of working
toward a greater nation, this man was nearly able to complete a genocide on the
immigrant populations holding different values.

All that being said,  I don’t see how any rational left-leaning individual can
call another person “Hitler”, without realising that their most extreme
Globalist perspectives are what will eventually cause the backlash of extreme
Nationalist interests. Hitler is a symptom of extreme Globalism; without
extreme Globalism there is no reason for the rural and locality-based cultures
to behave extremely. The Ku Klux Klan saw the integration of black slaves into
American culture as a threat to their cultural identity; it had nothing to do
with skin colour or the size of someone’s nose or browbone; their cultures,
agricultural in nature for centuries beforehand, found themselves losing their
economic share of the pie due to people moving to larger cities, and reduced
demand for workers with freed black slaves opting to work for dimes on the
dollar compared to what a local white man would make – it had nothing to do
with who infringed upon their relationship with their nation, and the fact that
their nation left them behind for the wealthiest, and the poor in other
nations.

With a few generations, we see the foreign culture assimilated into our own,
with the great grandchildren of those you would describe as racist seeing the
cultural assimilation as a continued infringement on the nationalist’s
relationship with their nation’s values and traditions; with no venture
capitalists or billionaires to stimulate the growth of their locality, they
continue to lag behind economically and the values and traditions stay
relatively the same. A few generations more go by, and we find that civil
rights have been amended and modified and fixed, but with that we also find
that the integrated great-grandchildren of those first immigrants are
culturally indistinguishable from their peers, save vestigial tradition and
value to which they, themselves, hold in a relationship identical to that of
the nationalists who stand in their opposition. Watered down by time and
assimilation and compromise, these traditionalists find themselves seeing
eye-to-eye, as the left-leaning politicians supported by the few wealthy
capitalists drive yet another nation too far with Progressive politics.

What I’ve taken the time to discuss, here, undoubtedly made you uncomfortable
at one or more points; I have no doubt you’ll take exception to some statement
I’ve made and I gladly ask that you voice that exception in my comments below,
so I may elucidate further into the history. But if there is one little detail
I hope you all take with you, it is this: traditionalism and nationalism are
not inherently racist; they are defensive because they feel discarded and even
hated by the nation they love so deeply. Certainly, you will find racist
elements, but you find racist elements to the Progressive extreme as well; when
it comes to the average voting-aged citizen, what concerns them most is their
safety and security, in their desire for wealth and self-expression. Infringe
upon one of the prior, or drive too far with regards to the latter, and the
culture will lash back, righteously, in honour of its forebearers.
