---
layout: post
title: Salt and Sanctuary - GNU: Games oN linUx
exerpt: "A review of the Linux port of Salt and Sanctuary."
categories: scripts
tags: []
share: true
video:
  feature: https://www.youtube.com/embed/jm-SBZ3fBYg
---

### Prepared Script
Not even self-flagellation with barbed wire-wrapped newborns held by their
umbilical cords seems to be able to quench the guilt of leaving you all without
shows so often. It’s time I put my fucking big-girl panties on and show some
responsibility.

Bonne heure-locale, mesdames et messieurs. Like many, I adore both eating my
cake, and having it too – with Games being the cake and Linux being the reason
I, for a large part of my life, could only play games with the assistance of
Wine. But those days are gone, and a new age has come; join me, here, for a
session of GNU: Games on Linux.

It could actually be considered two sessions of GNU mashed into one, as in
addition to starting this series with a game that from first impressions onward
has had me hooked, I will be also providing my thoughts and experiences with
the Steam Controller, as a die-hard keyboard/mouse PC Master Race prick. So,
like a coprophiliac plumber behind closed doors, we should get down and do this
shit.

Today’s game is Salt and Sanctuary, a 2D side-scrolling Action RPG, developed
by Ska Studios for PlayStation 4, with later releases for Vita, Windows, OS X,
and of course, Linux. The developers describe the game as having Dark Souls as
its primary inspiration, in the same way Buffalo Bill’s primary inspiration
were size-14 women who liked singing Tom Petty, but that doesn’t stop me from
absorbing into the dank, dripping atmosphere of an island covered in decaying
ruins and strange secrets below its surface. This, however, is not so much a
review of the game, as it is a video capturing my first impressions with the
game’s port to Linux, and for a PlayStation 4 port of a 2D side-scroller with
just enough atmosphere to choke the likes of even the most practiced of
deep-throating elephant-whores (that is to say, elephants who are whores, not
whores who have elephantitis), into precisely the same game but with rather
clean support for my 8-button mouse, and moreso, my Steam Controller.

The options menu, you’ll find, is very threadbare, but this game doesn’t really
need many options changed. You can change the resolution, and it appears to
pick up all the resolutions reported by Xorg, and you can turn Fullscreen on or
off. For the purposes of having my outline visible while demoing this game,
It’s currently fullscreen and alt-dragged into place so I can see the whole
game. Again, audio is just the basics, Sound Effects and Background Music can
be raised and lowered by 10% increments, and there’s not really a Master audio
control. Under Games you find options to change the Language, Controls, to
which I will be returning, controller vibration, HUD size (though, only larger,
it cannot be made smaller, much to my minimalist dismay), and HUD Visibility,
which has various options on how to display the HUD. Under Options is Notes,
which provides the most recent patch notes – a practice picked up by the gaming
development community that I adore more than tummy rubs in the grass. But I
doubt you’re just here to listen to me talk, so let’s get into the game, break
script and start VAMPing!

### VAMP

*(Not Yet Transcribed)*

