---
layout: post
title: Smokin' with Sev - Good Lady and the Tramp
excerpt: "A somber eulogy for the greatest homeless man I ever knew."
modified: 2016-06-01T14:17:25-04:00
categories: articles
tags: [homeless, eulogy]
comments: false
share: true
---

Laron and I had known each other for three years; well, it’s safer to say that
I knew him, and at his more lucid moments in those years, he knew me. We were
both clients of the DESC main shelter, living our lives at Third Street and
James with what pride in ourselves we could muster to continue living, to keep
observing what comes next. He spoke in a deep gravel, in his advanced age,
reminiscent of the Scatman John in a far deeper baritone, and remained arrayed
in his tramp’s attire reeking of urine or feces – his head hung low and his
shoulders hunched slightly, creating an image nothing less than upsetting to
the average person who met him at the bus stop at which he was resting that
day. As they would nervously stare and whisper, passive-aggressively managing
their time until the bus arrives, I’d step up to him and he’d say in his
unforgettable voice, “Hello, good lady, can you buy me some food please?”

Laron Wright Jr. was born the 20th of April, 1951, in a time when residual
cultural opinions of black citizens was paranoid and ignorant, if not outright
violent; despite scoring perfect marks in school through Elementary and
Middle-schools in his hometown of Seattle, he was born just a number of years
too early to benefit from the civil rights movement, being denied a place to
learn at Garfield High School. By account of his sisters, he was a bright and
curious individual; he was musical and took to the piano very giftedly, and had
a deep adoration for comic books – especially those about Superman. Like most
boys his age at that time, he loved sports; basketball and baseball were his
favourites. It was in this time, though, that his family began seeing signs of
his unstable mental health; one anecdote his sister was so kind to share with
me was the time he tied a curtain around his shoulders like a cape and lept
through a closed window in the downstairs of his childhood home, claiming aloud
he could fly.

As an adult, his mental health issues led to a persistent alcoholism; with over
sixty convictions in his life, he had become just as familiar with surviving in
King County Jail as he was at home or, as things grew worse, on the streets of
Seattle. Between the long-undiagnosed schizophrenia and the lowered inhibitions
of alcohol, he would often find himself in police custody for harassment,
public nudity and public urination charges, excluding him from many benefits
and services for the mentally-ill homeless until recently for his unjust place
on the sex offenders list – as every news account of his arrests denotes, once
confronted on his behaviour he was always remorseful and cooperative, with
impeccable manners difficult to hear beneath his rough gravel.

Regardless, Laron chose to survive, despite very few people in the world
thinking much of him at all. When he became separated from his sisters and his
permanent home became downtown Seattle, the untapped intelligence and
creativity shone through to those who knew what to see – everyone who knew him
at the shelter and on the streets held him in the highest respect, showing
quiet honour in his presence and always there to get shelter staff to help the
honoured elder get cleaned up when he’s messed in his pants again. And, while
his demeanor and voice were intimidating and gruff, not conveying emotion well,
he found means to be disarmingly kind and respectful when pan-handling, never
rudely imposing and always with the sweetest pet-names for women – the very
thing that led me to meeting him. 

I would pass him at least once every day, walking my dog around the block (as,
even when living without a home, I took Elty on pack-walks to maintain her
training); his voice would rasp against his throat as he so kindly asked me,
his “good lady”, if I could by him some food. He was always up-front and honest
with me, never burdened by the inhibition of pretense; if he needed beer he
would ask for money for a beer, and if he needed food he would ask for money
for food. I would go down to the corner store on the other end of the block and
pick him up a microwaveable hamburger and a soda, bringing it to him and
sitting with my dog beside him as he would eat and talk, often just thinking
aloud. He would always complain when I bought him a soda instead of a beer with
his burger, but quickly got over it as he began to eat; he would then start
talking about the beautiful women he saw, and that he remembered, or he would
travel into the fanciful, stating that he’s the king of Canada or that he needs
to get to the stadium to play baseball with the Mariners – always things that
seemed so positive, and painted so beautifully with his words. Everything he
said held this beauty, and as days turned to months, and months turned to
years, getting our housing at the same time in the same place, I learned there
was a truly brilliant man inside there that had never been given the
opportunities and respect he deserved, for many reasons, nonetheleast of which
were people’s perspectives of him, of the mentally ill, and for his voice and
the colour of his skin. 

Most of you watching this video, my frequent audience, consider me of a genuine
and unique intelligence, appreciating the perspective that it allows me – and
what my perspective allows me is this: Laron Wright Jr. is not the only
disenfranchised, hard-working man ostracized to the streets and the extents of
his mental health – not intentionally or directly by anyone who had to interact
with this great man, but through the continual cruel dismissal of those who
wish they could have joined the work-force and live a regular life more than
anyone else, when their minds are lucid enough to recognise the differences
between themselves and those distancing themselves at that bus stop. Saving
these overlooked gems of humanity is just as detrimental to our economy as
tacit acceptance of financial malfeasance – because an entire percent of our
economy is lost in the black-hole of their constant struggle.

I will never forget you, and never stop loving you, Laron. I will always strive
to be the Good Lady you saw in me.
