---
layout: page
title: "#Dykesplained: 'YouTube Communities'"
description: "..."
categories: scripts
tags: []
---

I’d like you to take a moment, with me, and look at the world of YouTube from a
different perspective; one not of friends and foes on streams and
response-interspersal videos – like a beautiful TV network that couldn’t give
two shits about your opinion, but of a marketplace that trades only in social
capital – like an open-source community, that couldn’t give two shits about
your opinion. Social capital is evidenced in many and various ways, whether
they be contacts, subscribers, views, seniority, and it is even found in the
prides of private communities lorded over by the lion who draws in the largest
number of subscribers or content  creators, and occasionally his lioness, whose
viciousness should never be taken for granted.

In the annals of the sub-ten thousand subscriber hell of YouTube, we often take
to getting our sustenance, our meaty fill of three- to four-digit viewership as
we find ourselves needing, by connecting with, and abiding by the occasionally
madcap social contracts of these private content creator communities; on their
live-streams do we reap the greatest results – like young lions joining their
first hunts with their mother, at least relative to our perspectives; and we
find ourselves even agreeing with things they say, or tacitly ignoring their
stunningly disgusting behaviour, for the sake of “not making a fuss” – not
unlike the Anglican Church’s congregations in regard to the finaggling detail
that they have operated sex slave operations for politicians and clergymen.

You Fucking. Pussies.

---

My long-time viewers may have noticed how much less… interesting my content has
been in the last month, and I can, in part, attribute that to sticking up for a
very unpopular individual – no, not Onision, though until recently I could be
said to be just as guilty as everyone else to the tacit acceptance of the
aforementioned, as well as many other individuals’ truly abhorrent and
market-influencing behaviour that goes against the tenets for which I sought
out these communities. But I found myself ostracized, pressured on all sides to
take a position and perspective that I knew to be incorrect, with regards to
She Who FeministPeriod Thinks Should Not Be Named – not unlike a creepy teen
harem-anime about girls proving their shitlordiness as a communal ideal through
seppuku and seeing who can steal the most squid cocks, arriving at its
season-ending moment when the seemingly unsure and passive male protagonist
exposes his cock to his harem, and one of the girls notices he has gonorrhea;
certainly, without recognition of nuance it would be easy to describe why I
knew it was incorrect as anecdotal evidence, but even cursory attention to
detail, rather than psychotic zealotry, would have revealed that seeing the
damage in the girl mirroring elements of damage in myself, for similar reasons,
and the rational tools one has at their disposal, even when seemingly
irrational – like every human being when exposed to extreme conditions to which
their brain was not prepared.

My perspective, however, was not welcome; it was laughed off because zealots
had drawn a hard-line. I was a dictator, and the subject of their ire was
handled through the beautiful Shitgazi that that private social network of
content creators and their fans had become – it was as if the people I admired
most had thrown aside their well-presented garbs of intellectualism and
rationalism to adopt the Emperor’s New Clothes… which also somehow give you
gonorrhea. I was ousted with my opinions and the young girl who, after taking
the time to see through her perspective, also had rational tools, meaningless
to those without context but stunningly applied, with agency and individualism,
to make sure she grows and strengthens, when emotions overpower her; however,
that would also require an eye for nuance.

But you don’t give a fuck about me and her, so let’s talk about you, next, my
dear of nuanced perspective and understanding of your field, whether it be
social justice, libertarianism, antifeminism, men’s rights, or atheism – the
latter of which has become cancerously religious in their attitudes toward the
agnostic, through their changes in the definition by means of semantic pedantry
– Like the Pope if he had no book to work from, and instead had to lie about
individual words to cover up for paedophiles. Time and time again, I have seen
and heard about the zealous down-shouting of any professed agnostics amidst
hard-line anti-theists, and atheists, who eschew the Dawkins scale and all of
its valuable nuance and measured written discourse on the subject, for a game
of semantic mental gymnastics regarding the difference between Atheists and
Theists, and the difference between Agnostics and Gnostics, interposing them as
a grid of positives and negatives that define who you are – as if Agnostic
Theism or Agnostic Atheism are even logically sound concepts. They have taken
this image, this internet meme of a data point, and force Agnosticism to split
into two camps, and through division they push an entire subset of their own
subscribers further to the right on the Dawkins scale than they actually
belong, for the sake of Atheistic or Anti-theist purity and prognostication –
its as if the apes from 2001: A Space Odyssey were presented the monolith and
not only began hammering and chanting harder, but ran off to pick up a piece of
shit that dried in a manner looking similar to the Monolith, but also having
the added benefit of being dried shit; so they all began shaping and drying
their shit into monolith-shaped bricks until they were able to build a
staircase to the top of the Monolith itself, and knock it the fuck over, that
imposing cuntrag. And then everyone went back to being fucking unthinking,
easily-led ape-tomatons.

Through a pointed removal of any nuance, and arguing points down to their
semantic metal and welding words onto one another because they might be related
in some nebulous manner only understood by the most versed of these zealots… is
a really great way to describe how every Church since the reformation has
delicately danced around the subjects of Individualism and Christ’s Call to
spread the gospel. However, it more and more seems to apply to our extremist
atheist friends, despite Dawkins labouring about this very conflicting position
in his own texts – and I’ll mix it up this time with Islam, you hypocritical
fucks, because I don’t think I’ve alienated enough of my audience and so-called
“friends” yet; you all are like Imams without a goddamn clue how to read
ancient Arabic, so you doodle with your pen while reading and make shapes with
the funny alphabet, eventually leading you to your well-considered one-sided
and extreme opinions. But let’s bring this mess of mixed metaphors full circle,
and start getting down-right indicting – because if there’s one thing I’m good
at, it’s automotive-causeway conflagration engineering.

Why do the extremists get so much liberty, as to define the language of the
federated communities whose greatest intentions, to my knowledge, were nuanced
discussion of diverse intellectual perspectives? And, therethrough, why does
FeministPeriod get to have a harem and army of his own zealots, with no one
calling him on it; but god for-fucking-bid anyone talk to that one young girl
he hates so much?

That’s where a large mess of the second-wave right wing private internet
communities started; not with Mister Menses’ recent acts of ostracization and
rudeness for the sake of fleeting social capital and an inflated e-penis, not
dissimilar to a Chinese inflatable paper dildo shop, but his initial acts of
downright anti-rationalist, anti-intellectual dogmatism by manipulating so many
of you mindless anti-establishment cock-rings with the calm self-assuredness of
a true sociopath, or perhaps the Pope trying to sell infallible, inflatable
paper dildos. He couldn’t get his rocks off with a rather young audience member
of his, and she – horror upon horrors – stood up to him. She’s not the most
mentally stable, but who the fuck is between 15 and 20? By continually assuring
she found herself on the defensive, a state in which she is too young to really
know how to shut herself up, and then let her youthful exuberace betray her
before she was ever able to appropriately convey her nuanced point – it’s as if
Hannibal Lector got into hand-drill lobotomy while locked in that cell but
still felt the need to fuck with an FBI trainee, leading to conversations that
seem unsettling at first, until you realise his hands are behind his back
because he’s fonding his prostate very subtly, forgetting there is a camera
behind him as well. The more he could make her squirm and scream, the more
ammunition he and his lackeys had against her – and they held this ammuntion
against everyone who even came close to defending her. It seemed the crown
jewel of Mister Menses’ harem came in the form of Palindromicness, whose own
destabilized mental health and far more entertaining, echo-box meme-referencing
manner of expressing it, when she turned the tables on everyone, becoming at
once her own force of lioness’ ferocity but also a shining example of how far
we have come from a place of rational intellectualism and nuanced discourse;
though neither of these girls are much different from one another, seeking
validation in a difficult time in their lives following the abuse of some
really shitty men, one gets whatever she wants because vagina, while the other
has been denied jobs because of the public shaming Mister Menses and his harem
of whore-diots have been really good at keeping people distracted through
reality show-esque plots of drama taken against one YouTuber after another.

This is the lowest denominator of entertainment. To support it and its creators
is an outright affront to the further development of this medium, and it is the
edge-lords like those I have discussed here who keep all of us, from PewDiePie
all the way down, trapped in the fucking Soft Soap and Single-Cam era of
television and movies when we have all the tools they could have only fucking
dreamed of having!

So I left. I motherfucking took my ostracization just like I always do, and
went on with my work. Sure, I lost an amazing source of up-to-the-minute news
about possible terrorism and the destruction of Europe, one formerly proud
nation at a time, but I powered on, seemingly trapped below 300 subscribers
despite at least one or two each day. But I broke on through, and kept
producing content. Shit in real life happened, and it transformed my
perspective yet again, eventually resulting in the Revenge of the #EltyFanClub
which will be making its showing again soon. I took the lonely road, and sure I
lacked the benefit of larger youtubers re-tweeting me, but I learned who in my
audience and who in the friends I had gained while getting this hackneyed
excuse for a career rolling were genuine people, those worth caring about. The
rest of you are fucking worthless. Pussies, hiding behind your ivory towers
echoing with the memetics of the right wing and individualist tail you enjoy
the most while ignoring the parts that don’t quite let you do what you want –
it’s stunning just how many ways I have of comparing you people to the most
dogmatic and ignorant of Christians, that not even mocking the Pope is worth
it; no, at this point the greater “community” that you all believe exists, on
the internet, is only shades different from the Westboro Baptist Church
zealots. Go ahead, dig up that video of Thunderf00t sitting in with them, and
take a minute to consider just how similar your behaviour can be to the bitch
in the middle, or the faithful, tacitly accepting cunt who sits with her… and
not like the man so very many of you seemed to idolize until recently.

When your extremism exceeded his.

---

Those watching this should know exactly who I mean when I exaggerate, and who
falls into the aforementioned genuine individuals and friends; the rest of you
need to fucking wake up. We’re not fighting for Trump or Anti-establishment or
any of that shit; we’re standing against Social Justice, Third Wave Feminism,
and the erosion of reason and intellectualism in our time.

I mean, if you’re not doing that… what the fuck are you doing, pussy?
