---
layout: page
title: "#Dykesplained: 'Bitch'"
description: "..."
categories: scripts
tags: []
---

I can already see the left-brows raising, and the tones of curiosity in your
voices: “but Sevvie, everyone knows what bitch means”, you crone, wondering how
I could possibly dykesplain something as integral to the basest of
conversations as the word “Bitch”. 

Well? Watch me.

There seems to be an oft-ignored thread, or at least rarely-discussed in mixed
company, that spans back to at least the pre-Industrial English-speaking world,
defining a socially-understood, yet unspoken and unwritten definition of the
word “bitch”. It is certainly not the only word that has had this
contextually-agreed definition floating through history – an example of another
would be “faggot”, which while commonly associated with homosexuals, has been
used to describe the elderly, the unemployed, and the mentally disabled in the
fluttering history of the word, but has always held a subtext of being useless
to society or the species as a whole.

But, instead of giving you this definition of bitch outright, I would rather
present you with a clip that will serve as a perfect example of this
contextually-agreed definition:

    <jenny-mcdermott-describes-manipulating-the-law.mp4>

This sterling-calibre member of society is Jenny McDermott, a YouTuber whose
content I can’t ever remember watching, before watching the video from which
this was taken. In this video, she is expressing her distaste for finding
commenters making legal claims in her comments section, and I get the very
strong feeling that despite never once having said it, never once having
defined it in this video, you and I both agree on a word and definition that
fits not only her behaviour, but likely the behaviour of someone we know
personally, whom we wish knew us less.

The origin of the word “bitch” spans many languages throughout Europe’s
history, in their pronounced form, but seems to originate from the Old Norse
‘bikkjuna’, which was used to describe the females of canine species, including
dogs, wolves and foxes. The Germanic word was “bicce”, and even as far back as
AD 1500, it was used in a playful and endearing sense, as if to say the woman
was youthful and playful as a dog would be. It wasn’t until the Dictionary of
the Vulgar Tongue, circa 1811, that it was put into definitive writing that the
word was even possibly offensive to women – specifically English women.

“Bitch. A she-dog, or doggess; the most offensive appellation that can be given
to an English woman, even more provoking than that of a whore.”

This, not 70 years prior to the suffrage movement, is a fascinating piece of
information to find – it gives a tiny lens into the world of early 19th-century
England and the culture of its women. But what happened to this word between
its playful uses four hundred years prior, and its purely vulgar definition of
pre-Industrial England?

While there are many contributing factors that lead to the changing use of a
word, more than anything else its growth to common use in following
generations, I think if we take into consideration the other events that
occurred around that time it can be easy to see how it found its place as the
worst thing a woman could be called. The Church of England had spent every
decade of the two centuries prior, losing its power and political positions in
England to the evolving uncodified constitutional monarchy taking greater and
greater responsibility for its citizenry, expressing greater individualism and
nationalistic pride amidst wars, rebellions (or as we call them if we win,
revolutions), and a very intelligent culture transforming how we see the
universe almost on a weekly basis. Amongst this individualism came a rise in
divorces through the 18th century; with de facto restriction on divorces,
permitting only the wealthy who could afford the expensive annulment process
which came from the days of the Doctor’s Commons, if not public discourse of
the couple’s intimate marital details in the House of Commons. But, for reasons
of adultery, desertion, cruelty, or “unreasonable behaviour”, one was free to
divorce their spouse in those times – whether man or woman.

But if a woman divorced a man for any of those reasons aforementioned, the man
is responsible for her health and well-being in the form of financial support
for a term of years dependent on the situation; that being said, even in cases
of men divorcing their wives was it found that the woman would need “additional
support, as to her stature.”

That fucking bitch.

And so I present you with an underlying detail, and the point of this thesis: a
bitch is a person comfortable in the knowledge they will not be held
accountable for their actions, or if they are, arrogantly manipulate the
situation to their benefit anyway.

And, to my dear Jenny McDermott; if you feel that you have been slandered or
that this has been libelous in some way…

    <jenny-mcdermott-sue-me.mp4>
